# PowerPlates Marketplace
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:
My initial thoughts in making this application was to create an app where users can store and create healthy and tasty recipes. However, I frankly do not have the abilities/time until school starts to learn AWS storage and more advanced things of that nature. So instead, I opted to create a web application where users can create and store their own recipes. But to make it slightly more complex, i opted to include a 2FA feature in the login/register step, which honestly took up the majority of my time (besides scouring the web for why my text is not centered). I opted to use Django instead of flask in order to get my hands dirty in another framework. I spent some time researching the benefits and drawbacks of each, and opted to try a new challenge in django. This was also helpful because I was able to use its built in features like django-auth and django-two-factor to speed up my process. However, I spent many late nights reading through the documentation trying to figure out why the backend wasn't working. The technical skills I built in CS50 definitely helped me in coding my python,html,javacript, and css. I learned many new features. For example, in CSS, I was unaware you can choose to style certain parts of a class. For example, if there are two "<p class="example">", you can access or the other through .example:nth-of-type(1) and .example:nth-of-type(2). So you can apply different styles to different parts. I did this in multiple pages of my webpage. Now onto the website itself: I made many html files, all extended off of one index.html whos main feature is a bootstrap navbar. Additionally, I added a pattern in the background of "linear-gradient" where i set the degrees equal to 90 to make them vertical, and then added each pastel color. Finally, I changed the width of them to make them quite thin and repeat frequently. I also made a footer at the bottom using the &copy tag for the copyright symbol and my name Manav Aggarwal. I also centered it using CSS. In home.html, i have two lines of text which basically say welcome. and the main feature of this page is the embedded video in the background. I found this free to use video on the internet and downloaded it into my static folder, and then embedded it into the background of my page. It was quite tough to center it and make it the correct size, but it was very useful to learn about the z-scale and how to put entities in front or behind. Now onto the most static page of my website, which is the about me section. It tells the viewer a little about the website and a little about me. And below those two is a section of all my "favorite eats" which are images that i downloaded from my iphone into the static folder, and then collected to embed in my website in an aesthetic CSS style. Most of this so far has been HTML and CSS, but in the Add Recipe and Recipe is where the more complex coding comes in. For starters, I had to create models and forms for Recipes with secitons about the title, ingredients, instructions and macronutrients-carbohydrates, fats, and proteins. I opted to do this manually instead of letting django take care of this because i did not like the format the form._asp was showing. I also made it so that the only required fields were ingredients, instructions, and title, so that if someone did not know the macronutrient profile of a dish (most don't), they didn't have to fill it in, and in the recipe log, it would simply say "Not Provided" in place of those sections. I utilized django.http to create an http response when the user either created or incorreclty submitted an additional recipe. Within the recipe page itself, it is a page that utilizes javacsript in order to add in any recipe to the page that is submitted through the add_recipe file. For the recipe.html page, I utilized a CSS grid to add in each recipe, and list each recipe's details horizontally in a separate, clear manner. Each recipe has a new line. I found AI to be a valuable tool to eplain concepts in layperson's terms, but I never specifically copy and pasted code from the cs50 ai. I mainly used it when I could not wrap my head around backend concepts that can be quite complicated. I never really knew how much moving parts there are to a full stack web application.